capstone-proposal.md, before:

### By _Carlos Urquiza_

### Name of Project: Soundbreak

### Project's Purpose: (What will it do for users?)

- The purpose of this project is to allow users to start a “study” stopwatch which they can stop, resume or reset as they please. While the timer is running or stopped, the user has the option to listen to full length songs from a preselected Spotify playlist via a widget. The stopwatch and Spotify widget functionality do not interact with each other. Each feature is part of an individual component.

### List the absolute minimum features the project requires to meet this purpose or goal:

- Stopwatch feature with start, stop, resume and reset functionality.
- User authentication via Spotify API that allows users to listen to full length songs.
- Spotify widget with preselected playlist.

### What tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, modules and/or other resources (whatever is specific to your track, and your language) will you use to create this MVP? List them all here. Be specific.

- React.js
- Spotify API
- Spotify widget playlist
- Bootstrap

### If you finish developing the minimum viable product (MVP) with time to spare, what will you work on next? Describe these features here: Be specific.

- Add a to-do list feature and hosting through Firebase.

### What additional tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, or other resources will these additional features require?

- Firebase for hosting.

### Is there anything else you'd like your instructor to know?

- For the most part, I want to have fun building this project and make it a useful application I can use while studying.

Commit message:

update proposal to include cypress testing

capstone-proposal.md, after:

### By _Carlos Urquiza_

### Name of Project: Soundbreak

### Project's Purpose: (What will it do for users?)

- The purpose of this project is to allow users to start a “study” stopwatch which they can stop, resume or reset as they please. While the timer is running or stopped, the user has the option to listen to full length songs from a preselected Spotify playlist via a widget. The stopwatch and Spotify widget functionality do not interact with each other. Each feature is part of an individual component.

### List the absolute minimum features the project requires to meet this purpose or goal:

- Stopwatch feature with start, stop, resume and reset functionality.
- User authentication via Spotify API that allows users to listen to full length songs.
- Spotify widget with preselected playlist.

### What tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, modules and/or other resources (whatever is specific to your track, and your language) will you use to create this MVP? List them all here. Be specific.

- React.js
- Spotify API
- Spotify widget playlist
- Bootstrap

### If you finish developing the minimum viable product (MVP) with time to spare, what will you work on next? Describe these features here: Be specific.

- Add a to-do list feature, use [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) to test the front end experience, and add hosting through Firebase.

### What additional tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, or other resources will these additional features require?

- Firebase for hosting.

### Is there anything else you'd like your instructor to know?

- For the most part, I want to have fun building this project and make it a useful application I can use while studying.
