README.md, before:

# _Soundbreak_

#### By _**Carlos Urquiza**_

#### _Final capstone project for Epicodus._

## Technologies Used

- _React_
- _JavaScript_
- _Spotify API_
- _Bootstrap_
- _Firebase_
- _Cypress_

## Description

- _Application allow users to start a “study” stopwatch which they can stop, resume or reset as they please. While the timer is running or stopped, the user has the option to listen to full length songs (if they complete authentication process) from a preselected Spotify playlist via a widget. The stopwatch and Spotify widget functionality do not interact with each other. Each feature is part of an individual React component._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- _Clone this repository._
- _Open your terminal._
- _Navigate to the directory (such as your Desktop) where you want the cloned directory._
- _Type `git clone` and paste the URL you copied._
- _Press Enter._
- _Navigate to `sounbreak` by running `cd sounbreak`._
- _Run `npm install`._
- _Run `npm run start` to view project in local host._

## Firebase URL

- https://soundbreak-us.firebaseapp.com

## Cypress Demo

[![Watch the demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/G22_jhwvQYs/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G22_jhwvQYs)

## Known Bugs

- _No known bugs._

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Carlos Urquiza

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Contact Information

_Feel free to contact me at webquiza@gmail.com with any questions regarding this webpage._

Commit message:

add cypress test steps to README

README.md, after:

# _Soundbreak_

#### By _**Carlos Urquiza**_

#### _Final capstone project for Epicodus._

## Technologies Used

- _React_
- _JavaScript_
- _Spotify API_
- _Bootstrap_
- _Firebase_
- _Cypress_

## Description

- _Application allow users to start a “study” stopwatch which they can stop, resume or reset as they please. While the timer is running or stopped, the user has the option to listen to full length songs (if they complete authentication process) from a preselected Spotify playlist via a widget. The stopwatch and Spotify widget functionality do not interact with each other. Each feature is part of an individual React component._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- _Clone this repository._
- _Open your terminal._
- _Navigate to the directory (such as your Desktop) where you want the cloned directory._
- _Type `git clone` and paste the URL you copied._
- _Press Enter._
- _Navigate to `sounbreak` by running `cd sounbreak`._
- _Run `npm install`._
- _Run `npm run start` to view project in local host._

## Firebase URL

- https://soundbreak-us.firebaseapp.com

## Cypress Demo

[![Watch the demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/G22_jhwvQYs/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G22_jhwvQYs)

## Run Cypress test

- To run Cypress test, ensure you're currently in the main project directory, `soundbreak`
- Run `npm run cypress:open`
- When the Cypress test runner opens, click on the `soundbreak_spec.js` file. This will start the end to end test.
- Alternatively, you can watch the Cypress test demo below.

## Cypress Demo

[![Watch the demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/G22_jhwvQYs/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G22_jhwvQYs)

## Known Bugs

- _No known bugs._

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Carlos Urquiza

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Contact Information

_Feel free to contact me at webquiza@gmail.com with any questions regarding this webpage._
